Configurable grid provider (#17675)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-2.0.md

# UPGRADE TO `2.1`

> `GridProviders` are now configurable. In order to allow users to choose between PHP and YAML grid configuration for Sylius grids, you can now change the type of definition Sylius will use. There exists no merging between the configurations, so if you chose to use PHP for an already existing grid, you need to redefine the YAML definition as well.

Reviewer: 1. It should specify, that there is no merging between different formats, not between same formats.
2. To me it should say "Re-create" instead of "redefine" for vendor definition.

So here is my take with some AI help.

```suggestion
`GridProviders` are now configurable, allowing users to choose between PHP and YAML for Sylius grid configurations. You can now change the definition format Sylius will use. Note that configurations in different formats cannot be merged, so if you switch to PHP for an existing grid, you will need to recreate the vendor’s YAML definition.
```

Reviewer: Isn't this whole feature is `PHP/YAML` vs `service` instead? Should we leave some message about it?

Author: Yes, that's the goal. The config is a little overblown for it. But we could definitely constrain it to that.

Author: Should we maybe also mention in here that in the long run Sylius wll migrate all grids to the new service Syntax and will deprecate the Yaml grids?

Reviewer 2: Should this note be moved on a UPGRADE-2.1.md ?

Author: Moved.
